you kill here for the Honda giant here
to show you this 2005 kia sorento four
wheel drive just came in on trade only
has 40,000 miles just have the five mile
an hour buffer from the front the back
lexan cover headlights you have the 16
inch alloy wheels lots of tread left on
the tires
breakaway mirrors reinforced steel door
beams does have the roof rack with
crossbars so low rate tinted glass
filled with our 60 day warranty you have
your high mount brake light with rear
deflector we're going to a defrost and
wiper you can open just a glass or you
can open the whole hatch lots of room in
the back it does come with the factory
cover shade to help hide your goodies
did you have the full down seats and
additional storage underneath it is up
my passenger lots of leg room in the
back child security door locks you do
have your manual height adjustment on
the driver's seat power windows power
mirrors power locks hundred hood we have
the 3500 liter v6 motor Joe overhead cam
you have your engine resident your
engine coolant reservoir you have your
power steering windshield washer fluid
power brakes with four channel anti-lock
brakes essentially located fuse box and
maintenance-free battery on the interior
you have your driver and passenger side
airbags side curtain air bearings for
the front and the back you have your
fingertip control for your cruise
intermittent wipers for both the front
and the back you have your arrests with
multiple storage bins
you have your beverage holders lots of
little storage bins you have your
automatic transmission with sports shift
you have your ashtray if your smoker
looks like it's never been smoked in
lease ash lighters they've in use more
storage heating and air conditioning
controls digital clock am/fm CD player D
nightmare give your map lights Honda
cars of Bellevue serving the heartland
for 25 years one happy on the customer
at a time find the cars of Bellevue one
small step off Kennedy freeway one giant
Honda saving store